hey if you guys want to pull together
and get me an iphone 5 I promise to
deliver the first iphone 5 unboxing that
utilizes the latest in military weaponry
now recently on xda-developers we had a
contest to win a galaxy s3 now there's
only one winner out of the 30 or so
entries that we had so today we're going
to look at the top for the Jordan and I
picked so let's get started now this
first entry by HSC hash is really well
laid out I like the fact that he
actually took the time to draw XDA in
the code so let's run this and see what
it comes up with and as you can see we
got a nice bar code there and this bar
code is scandal I tried once and it was
kind of difficult to get it to work but
let's see if we can do that right now
alright and after a little bit of
trickery i was able to actually get it
to scan and it came up with XDA
developers com as you can see you there
there we go so this next one was pretty
well up few skated and this is by la
huerta couldn't tell what this code was
going to do until we actually ran it at
which point never gonna give you up
never gonna let you down never gonna run
crap rick astley he's just a really cool
guy he never lets us down this next
entry by mr c ln FS was an extremely
long one he had actually put it into a
zip file because it was so darn long
let's take a look at this one he also
included a video in his entry as well to
show how the script worked this is
pretty interesting because it actually
tells you to change your screen
resolution so let's make the same full
screen
now I tried several things on this but I
could not get this QR code to scan this
final 1 by Z developer it had a giant
wall of variables and watch what happens
when you're on it it's a pretty neat
little logo if I do say so we try to get
IRC to pick the winner out of the four
however there was only four entries in
both verizon s3 and verizon s3 dev so we
moved it over to the forums and as of
the filming of this video you can see
here's the results on the screen and MRC
insf is in the lead by fifty six percent
of the votes that's pretty much
landslide so MRC insf this galaxy s3 is
yours so that's all for this episode
don't forget to subscribe to this
YouTube channel and add me to your
circles on Google+ go to plus dot Adam
outlaw calm until next time heck on
you